GA OpenAI Structured Outputs (#360)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-08.mdx

title: Changelog | August, 2024
---

## OpenAI Structured Outputs Support

_August 15th, 2024_

OpenAI released some API changes that allow their newest models to support [Structured Outputs](https://openai.com/index/introducing-structured-outputs-in-the-api/). This powerful new feature
enables developers to strictly define the expected JSON object schemas from the model as part of the response through a model parameter, or through a function call. We have integrated this new
capability natively to Vellum!

> To use within the context of Function Calling, simply enable the `Strict` check box on any given Function Call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use within the context of Function Calling, simply toggle on the `Strict` checkbox for any given Function Call:
```

![Function Call Strict](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-08/function-call-strict.png)

> To enable Structured Outputs as part of the OpenAI response, configure the `JSON Schema` setting as part of the model parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Structured Outputs as part of a general OpenAI response, configure the `JSON Schema` setting as part of model parameters:
```
